Hello. Chromium Browse Protect (CBP) is a post-exploiation defensive utility designed to protect chromium based browsers. It will take default action based on the circumstance. For example, if it detects a process attempting to create a browser debugger process, CBP will pause that process and alert the user to decide what action to take. However, if the binary is also unisgned, than CBP will be more aggressive. Under this circumstance it will first immediately terminate the process and the created debugger process then alert the user to decide if it should be deleted, or left alone.

CBP will also make decisions based on the action it detects. For example, if it detects an injection into a browser process, than CBP will default to being aggressive then asking the user. Unlike detecting credntial files being copied, creating a debugger process, CBP does not care if it is unsigned or not. It will immediately terminate the process and the current open browser process then alert the answer for further action.

As well as detection and protection, CBP also has self-protection logic. CBP has a watchdog named CBPwatch. This watchdog will do integrity checks on CBP_main every 15 seconds. However, it will also protect CBP_main in real time. It always scans for behaviors such as attempting to inject into CBP_main, manipulate CBP managed files, the CBP service, etc... If it detects active disruption attempts on CBP like the behaviors mentioned, then CBPwatch will inform the user and recommend a full (deep) antivirus scan. However, the response also depends on which specific disruption attempt was detected. For example, if it detects injection attempts on CBP_main, then it will terminate both the suspicious process, and CBP_main. It will then inform the user and recommend a full (deep) antivirus scan. However, all other disruption attempts are treated with the default actions.CBP_main also has some watchdog logic of its own. CBP_main's watchdog logic is nearly identicle to CBPwatch but refined for CBPwatch. This creates a duel-watchdog systems making the system more resilient, and harder to disrupt undetected. 

And CBP even comes with a command line tool. This command line tool is for managing the configurations and allowing the user to interact with CBP. CBP allows you to edit configurations such as if realtime monitoring is enabled or disabled. You can do the same for specifying if CBP should automatically start on its own. As well as configurations you can also see your current configs and whitelisted files. And even better? It address potential exploiation with an option to enable tamper protection. When tamper protection is enabled, all the user must do is create a 6-digit-password and that password will be saved and encrypted with AES-265 encryption